“There is some good in this world, and it’s worth fighting for.” — J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers
“It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.” — Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince
“I am no bird; and no net ensnares me: I am a free human being with an independent will, which I now exert to leave you.” — Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre
“It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, itwas the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair.” — Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities
“Beware; for I am fearless, and therefore powerful.” — Mary Shelley, Frankenstein
“I wanted you to see what real courage is, instead of etting the idea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand. It’s when you know you’re licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what. You rarely win, but sometimes you do.” — Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird
“A man, after he has brushed off the dust and chips of his life, will have left only the hard, clean questions: Was it good or was it evil? Have I done well — or ill?” — John Steinbeck, East of Eden
“The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.” ― John Green, Looking for Alaska
“This above all: To thine own self be true, And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man.” — William Shakespeare, Hamlet
“‘Why did you do all this for me?’ he asked. ‘I don’t deserve it. I’ve never done anything for you.’ ‘You have been my friend,’ replied Charlotte. ‘That in itself is a tremendous thing.’” — E.B. White, Charlotte’s Web
“I took a deep breath and listened to the old brag of my heart: I am, I am, I am.” — Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar
“Love is or it ain’t. Thin love ain’t love at all.” — Toni Morrison, Beloved
“We accept the love we think we deserve.” ― Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“And so we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.” — F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby
“Generally, by the time you are Real, most of your hair has ben loved off, and your eyes drop out and you get loose in the joints and very shabby. But these things don’t matter at all, because once you are Real you can’t be ugly, except to people who don’t understand.” — Margery Williams, Velveteen Rabbit
“Ever’body’s askin’ that. ‘What we comin’ to?’ Seems to me we don’t never come to nothin’. Always on the way.” — John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath
“Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.” — Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights
“There are years that ask questions and years that answer.” — Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God
“I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship.” — Louisa May Alcott, Little Women
“All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.” — Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina
“Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart.” — Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore
“It is nothing to die; it is dreadful not to live.” — Victor Hugo, Les Misérables
“Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.”  — George Orwell, Nineteen Eighty-Four
“Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat.” — Ralph Ellison, Invisible Man
“Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again.” — Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca
“It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.” — Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice
“Tomorrow I’ll think of some way to get him back. After all, tomorrow is another day.” — Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind
“Why, sometimes, I’ve believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.” — Lewis Carroll, Through the Looking-Glass
“Don’t ever tell anybody anything. If you do, you start missing everybody.” — J. D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye
“It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.” ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone
“You pierce my soul. I am half agony. Half hope. Tell me not that I am too late, that such precious feelings are gone for ever.” — Jane Austen, Persuasion
“So it goes…” — Kurt Vonnegut, Slaughterhouse-Five
“I had the epiphany that laughter was light, and light was laughter, and that this was the secret of the universe.” — Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch
“There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm.” — Willa Cather, The Song of the Lark
“When you play the game of thrones you win or you die.” — George R. R. Martin, A Game of Thrones
“The world breaks everyone, and afterward, many are strong at the broken places.” — Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms
“From that time on, the world was hers for the reading. She would never be lonely again, never miss the lack of intimate friends. Books became her friends and there was one for every mood.” — Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn
“Once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl, and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering.” — Nicole Krauss, The History of Love
“’And now,’ cried Max, ‘let the wild rumpus start!’” — Maurice Sendak, Where the Wild Things Are
“Memories, even your most precious ones, fade surprisingly quickly. But I don’t go along with that. The memories I value most, I don’t ever see them fading.” — Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go
“Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing.” — Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Grey
“Time is the longest distance between two places.” ― Tennessee Williams, The Glass Menagerie
“The voice of the sea is seductive, never ceasing, whispering, clamoring, murmuring, inviting the soul to wander in abysses of solitude.” — Kate Chopin, The Awakening
“We dream in our waking moments, and walk in our sleep.” — Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter
“The place where you made your stand never mattered. Only that you were there… and still on your feet.” — Stephen King, The Stand